DOC-1963: Setting an invalid unit in the  changed it to the default value instead of reverting it to the previous, and valid, value. (#2684)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.4.2-release-notes.adoc

// {productname} 6.4.2 also includes the following bug fixes:

=== Setting an invalid unit in the `fontsizeinput` changed it to the default value instead of reverting it to the previous, and valid, value.

In previous versions of {productname}, when an invalid unit was inserted into the `fontsizeinput` component, the value would not parse resulting in both the value and unit been set to default (0 and pt). 

> As a consequence of this action, the invalid unit would set its value to `opt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a consequence of this action, the invalid unit would set its value to `0pt`.
```

> In previous versions of {productname}, when an invalid unit was inserted into the `fontsizeinput` component, the value would not parse resulting in both the value and unit been set to default (0 and pt). 
> 
> As a consequence of this action, the invalid unit would set its value to `0pt`.
> 
> In {productname} 6.4.2, when inserting and invalid value into the `fontsizeinput`, the value will revert back to the previous valid value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In previous versions of {productname}, when an invalid value was entered into the `fontsizeinput` toolbar component, the value was not parsed and both the value and unit were set to their default values: _0_ and _pt_ respectively. 

As a consequence, entering an invalid value set selected text, or the insertion point, to _0pt_.

In {productname} 6.4.2, if an invalid string is entered in the `fontsizeinput` entry field, the `fontsizeinput` value reverts to the previous, valid, value.
```

Edits.
